Make flexible naming in explanation.save (#51)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai: docs/source/user-guide.md

# ***** Downstream task: user's code that infers model_xai and picks 'saliency_map' output *****
```

## Saving saliency maps

You can easily save saliency maps with flexible naming options, including prefix, suffix, and postfix. Additionally, you can include the confidence score for each class in the saved saliency map's name.

```python
import cv2
import numpy as np
import openvino.runtime as ov

> from openvino.runtime.utils.data_helpers.wrappers import OVDict
> import openvino_xai as xai
> 
> def preprocess_fn(image: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
>     """Preprocess the input image."""
>     resized_image = cv2.resize(src=image, dsize=(224, 224))
>     expanded_image = np.expand_dims(resized_image, 0)
>     return expanded_image
> 
> def postprocess_fn(output: OVDict):
>     """Postprocess the model output."""
>     return output["logits"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from from typing import Mapping
import openvino_xai as xai

def preprocess_fn(image: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    """Preprocess the input image."""
    resized_image = cv2.resize(src=image, dsize=(224, 224))
    expanded_image = np.expand_dims(resized_image, 0)
    return expanded_image

def postprocess_fn(output: Mapping):
    """Postprocess the model output."""
    return output["logits"]
```

Reviewer: Could you possibly replace the verbose `OVDict` import by `Mapping` in other code or docs?
Please refer to https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai/pull/45

# The Explainer object will prepare and load the model once in the beginning
explainer = xai.Explainer(
    model,
    task=xai.Task.CLASSIFICATION,
    preprocess_fn=preprocess_fn,
)

voc_labels = [
    'aeroplane', 'bicycle', 'bird', 'boat', 'bottle', 'bus', 'car', 'cat', 'chair', 'cow', 'diningtable',
    'dog', 'horse', 'motorbike', 'person', 'pottedplant', 'sheep', 'sofa', 'train', 'tvmonitor'
]

# Run explanation
explanation = explainer(
    image,
    explain_mode=ExplainMode.WHITEBOX,
    label_names=voc_labels,
    target_explain_labels=1,  # target classes to explain
)

# Save saliency maps flexibly
OUTPUT_PATH = "output_path"
explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH, "image_name")  # image_name_target_aeroplane.jpg
explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH, prefix_name="image_name")  # image_name_target_aeroplane.jpg
explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH)  # target_aeroplane.jpg
# Avoid "target" in names
explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH, prefix_name="image_name", target_suffix="")  # image_name_aeroplane.jpg
explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH, target_suffix="", postfix_name="class")  # aeroplane_class.jpg
explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH, target_suffix="")  # aeroplane.jpg

# Save saliency maps with confidence scores

> explanation.save(OUTPUT_PATH, postfix_name="conf", confidence_scores=scores_dict)  # target_aeroplane_conf_0.92.jpg```

Reviewer: This example is inconsistent with the actual parameter definition.

Author: Thank you for noticing
